Narrator: Now that we created the backdoor
that when executed on a target computer,
it will send a reverse connection to our computer.
Before we do that and before we go ahead
and execute it,
we need to go ahead
and listen for incoming connections.
So we need to create this socket, if you may,
so that when the backdoor is executed
on the target computer,
it can actually go ahead and connect to the port
or to the socket that we have open.
So in this lecture, I'm gonna show you how to open up a port
and listen for incoming connections on our current computer
so that when the backdoor is executed
on the target computer,
it will send that connection back to our computer.
To do that, we're actually gonna use metasploit.
So first of all, we need to launch the console
by doing MSF console, as you know.
Give it a moment to boot and when it starts,
we're going to use a module
that is called exploit multi handler.
So basically this is a module that is designed
to help you open up a port in your computer
so that you can receive connections
from computers that you hack.
So again, hit enter to load this module.
And because we don't know how to use this module,
we can simply do show options to see all of the options
that we can set for it.
And as you can see, you get a nice message showing you
the module name, showing you the payload
that this module is using by default and its options.
Now if you look at this payload,
you'll notice that this is not the payload
that we used in our backdoor
and that's why we're gonna have to modify this.
And you can modify this value exactly the same way
you modify any value in metasploit.
So we're gonna do set, followed by the option name
that we want to modify, which is the payload.
The main thing you wanna make sure is
that you use the exact same payload
that you used in the backdoor.
So in the backdoor we use Windows meterpreter reverse HTTPS.
If we do show options again, you'll see
that we're actually gonna see different options
because the payload is different.
So you can see that the options here are again very similar
to the options that we set when we created the backdoor.
So the main two options that we need to modify
are the L host and the L port.
And the L host is the IP of the computer
that will receive the connection.
And in our case, it's this computer right here.
And the L port is the port that you want to receive
the connection on.
And again, both of these values need to match
the exact same values that you set in the back door.
So to get our current IP,
we saw that when we run the back door, we can do if config.
And we can see my IP is right here.
So I'm gonna copy it.
And again, we're gonna set its value exactly the same way
that you set values in metasploit.
So you do set, followed by the option name,
which is L Host, followed by the value.
And I'm gonna paste my value, which is my IP.
Next we're gonna set the port.
So we're gonna do set option name L port,
and the port that we used
in the backdoor was 8080.
Now that we set everything we can do show options
one more time to make sure that the options
were set correctly, and perfect.
As you can see, we can see that the L host is set to my IP,
which is the same value that I used in the back door.
And same goes for the L port.
So now that we're happy with everything we can do exploit.
And this will basically just sit,
it'll literally just open up the socket,
open up this port, port 8080,
and it's gonna wait
for incoming connections from any computer
that executes the backdoor.
So in the next lecture, we're gonna go ahead,
execute the backdoor on a Windows computer
and see if we're actually gonna be able
to get a reverse connection
and be able to remotely control that computer.